<This is the original literary creation behind Picnic.html. Please do not publish or distribute it without the permissions of the author.
contact: agrim.sharma@gmail.com & ig@bibliophile_agi>

Your family decide to take you to a picnic. You are happy, at last, after such long tiring exams, an escape!
You enter in a dark, mistful, foggy, mountanious and lush green forest with tress piercing the sky. You are surprised and happy about the sight.
Your family arranges rug on the short grass and lay down the dishes. You had a great feast. 
Soon, you fall into a dreamy sleep.
As soon as you wake up, its evening but something's odd, your parents are nowhere to be found, sky is red and there is no path, except one. You are not in your universe! What should you do to escape? Be quick, something unpleasant is waiting:
opt a: take path- walks towards a river, dark and deep, mysterious. You see a boat- Should you take it? It can be contagious. Yes: you cross the river and enter other side of the forest. You see a deep dark old mossy well and a bucket. An old man asks you to take water from the well. Will yoou help him? Yes: you start to roll the pulley, it kepps getting deeper, old man whispers- "IT'S INFINITELY DEEP AND MY "PET" RESIDE IN IT. 😏" then- he pushes you into the well.Death. Try again! No: You walk past him and notice a small cabin. You get inside and see a bed. Will you sleep in that old, muddy and cracky bed? yes: congrats!you wake up to find that it was all a dream and you are home! no: You walk out, continue to move to find a small, old village with a huge fireplace in middle of huts that radiate in all directions from it. Villagers ask- "Are you a member of Djougi Tembor tribe?" yes: 
they assign you a cottage and you live your whole life with challenges of forests and peculiar figures visiting regularly. 
no: you are asked to bite the secret "Welcome cookie". ... You wake up with the beats of drums. You are tied to the middle of dead fire place. The villagers are cannibles and you notice immense heat- with a sudden burst of flames, you are burnt into a sacrifial ritual. Death! try agin.
no: you try to swim into the river water, fearing the microbes present on old wood of boat. You try real hard but can't move an inch in the river, as if river filled with cement. You sink, but, you can breath. In the green bed of the river, you notice a red figure. It asks for water, you are freaked of seeing the giant with segmented body, face of a cockroach and large horns at the top. You say i have only got food. Then he says yes you look tasty. He offers you a lemon and a clove, which one will you choose? lemon: its his seasoning, he eats you raw. Death! try agin. clove: You chose to be the slave of devil and sold your soul to him for eternity. God is not happy with you. 
opt b: continue searching for parents- you find people that resemble your parents, as you approach them, they turn- first figure is your father, second figure is your mother, and at last- you see yourself! They ask who you are, you check your reflection in a puddle- you don't have a face. They start to chase you. Death. Try again!